# Plunger Crusader

## Summary

The player is among the last in the ancient order of the Unblockers, defenders of the realm whose holy knights ran out of funds when there weren’t enough monsters left to hunt down. It has been a few centuries since the Age of Legends, and the knights of all other orders have long since disbanded or pivoted to a more stable employ. With the sacred plunger in hand, the player will travel to the forsaken kingdom of Rul, where their eternal foe lies slumbering, in the hopes of waking it to get some honest work again. This is no ordinary adventure, and the player has found themselves in a much greater struggle than they could have bargained for.

Plunger Crusader takes a good look at adventure platformers and tries to demonstrate something novel through a unique approach. It employs a satirical look at the premise of most classic and modern adventure games alike. Through poking fun at itself, the game aims to give the player a new take on an experience they may or may not be familiar with. Many classic elements of similar successful games will be used, however plunger crusader has a greater focus on creative-problem solving than platformer fighting and memorizing enemy attacks. Designed to be easy to learn, difficult to master, Plunger Crusader aims to create an engaging experience for fans of action-adventure games and newcomers alike. Each level is designed to test the abilities of the player as they prepare for the most difficult challenges they can find to test themselves against.
